Astro CLI Reference Doc + Command Changes (#710)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/reference.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Command Reference'
title: 'Astro CLI Command Reference'
id: reference
description: Learn about every command that you can run with the Astro CLI.
---

## Overview

> This document contains information about all commands and settings available in the Astro CLI, including examples and flags. To install the Astro CLI, see [Quickstart](cli/quickstart.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains information about all commands and settings available in the Astro CLI, including examples and flags. To get started with the Astro CLI, see [CLI Quickstart](cli/quickstart.md).
```

:::info

All reference documentation is based on the latest available version of the Astro CLI. To see the differences across various CLI versions, see the [Astro CLI Release Notes](cli/release-notes.md).

:::

## Core Commands

We expect that you'll use these commands most often when managing your Astro projects and Deployments:

- [`astro login`](cli/astro-login.md)
- [`astro dev init`](cli/astro-init.md)

> - [`astro dev start`](cli/astro-dev-start.md)
> - [`astro dev stop`](cli/astro-dev-stop.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`astro dev start`](cli/astro-dev-start.md)
- [`astro dev stop`](cli/astro-dev-stop.md)
- [`astro dev restart`](cli/astro-dev-restart.md)
```
